---
published: false
---
## Welcome to the Blog!
Hi there - quick introduction. I'm Neil - I'm 19, and I'm currently a junior at BITS Pilani. I'm majoring in Electronics and Communications Engineering, but my interests also include Machine Learning, Cybersecurity, Archaeology, Biology, Quantum Computing and Cryptography. On the hobby/personal side, I'm an avid supporter of Arsenal FC, the Rams and the Lakers. Oh, and my dad has a Kawasaki Z-650, which, to be honest, is driven far more by me than by him.

## Why a blog?

This blog serves two purposes - I'll explain what I learnt in the day or preceding days, and the blog will thus solidify and reinforce the concepts I've learnt in my mind. Secondly, if you, reading this, do not know much about the topic that is being discussed, I'm sure it'll serve as a good introductory post of sorts - I will also be listing down all the resources I will have used in the post.

So this blog is truly a rare win-win situation. I get to clear my mind, you get to learn. As Richard Feynman said, you've only really understood something if you can explain it to a 5 year old. You, my dear reader, are my 5 year old :)

## When will you be blogging?

I'll try to blog as much as I possibly can. I'm currently on summer vacation, so I'll be writing at a (hopefully) increased pace, but yeah, there's no fixed schedule. I'll aim for one post a day - let's see how that pans out. 

The main thing is I really, really don't want to replace quality with quantity. That's my promise to you, my dear reader - I'll only post if what I have to say is high quality, effectively disregarding quantity.

This is also something I've thought about quite a bit. I read somewhere (I think on Joel Spolsky's blog) to prioritise quantity - the quality will come. Quality is developed *by* Quantity. That's quite an interesting take, and I'm decently conflicted - but I'm pretty sure I won't be putting stuff out if I don't think it's up to the standards I want it to be at.

## Why should I be reading *you*? You don't know anything!

True, I don't know anything, but I'd argue that's exactly why you want to read me. This site's target audience isn't exactly experts (although they are very welcome!). You probably won't catch me talking heaps of jargon (not jargon I haven't used earlier, at least).

I think it's a fun experiment to conduct, at least. If I write articles on a subject for 5 years, you'd assume I'd be a decently known expert by the end of it! Otherwise what's the point of writing this much, to be honest?

## Conclusion

So yeah... that's it for this post. First post, new blog, new possibilities - who wouldn't be excited!

Oh, and if you want to get in touch with me - feel free to email me or connect with me on LinkedIn or Twitter, links to both of which you will find in the footer. Bye for now!